release docs for alpha release (#1594)
GMLC-TDC/HELICS: CHANGELOG.md

A note on future revisions.
Everything within a major version number should be code compatible (with the exception of experimental interfaces). The most notable example of an experimental interface is the support for multiple source inputs. The APIs to deal with this will change in future minor releases. Everything within a single minor release should be network compatible with other federates on the same minor release number. Compatibility across minor release numbers may be possible in some situations but we are not going to guarantee this as those components are subject to performance improvements and may need to be modified at some point. Patch releases will be limited to bug fixes and other improvements not impacting the public API or network compatibility. Check the [Public API](./docs/Public_API.md) for details on what is included and excluded from the public API and version stability.

## [3.0.0][] ~ 2020-09-24

> HELICS 3.0 is a major update to HELICS. The major features that have been added are the command interface and targeted Endpoints. Internally major changes include updating the minimum compiler to C++17, and updates to internal libraries. The binary serialization protocol was shifted from Cereal to a custom version that embeds the data type so is more suitable to HELICS data types. The initial release is an alpha release for some initial testing. The full change log will be filled out as the release progresses from Alpha to beta to final release. The [migrating 2 to 3](./docs/developer-guide/porting-2-to=3.md) page includes some specific details on migrating from HELICS 2 to 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HELICS 3.0 is a major update to HELICS. The major features that have been added are the command interface and targeted Endpoints. Internally major changes include updating the minimum compiler to C++17, and updates to internal libraries. The binary serialization protocol was shifted from Cereal to a custom format that embeds the data type so is more suitable to HELICS data types. The initial release is an alpha release for some initial testing. The full change log will be filled out as the release progresses from lpha to beta to final release. The [migrating 2 to 3](./docs/developer-guide/porting-2-to-3.md) page includes some specific details on migrating from HELICS 2 to 3.
```
